Longjing Tian, do you think I'm scared?
quiet
Do you still want to open a family property now?
Family.
What exactly was said at today's family meeting?
Ah!
Why are you afraid that Ye Jinjin's family will lose face?
The scourge is not back yet
Brother, what do you mean by our family?
We all said it has nothing to do with Ye Jin
Haha Mr. Ye
This blood is thicker than water
Is your daughter okay with you?
Ah hey
Uncle, don't be sarcastic
We are here today to atone for our sins
We've got an appointment for your lead next week.
Not everybody gets credit for that.
That's right, uncle
Talk too much
Be careful we don't take you to see Long Shuai
What? You might get a chance to meet Long Shuai
Of course!
Shameless
Longjingtian, why are you everywhere?
Your family's opportunity
It's all Long Shuai looking at the face of Fanxing
Just for you
You are now turning your face and denying people
I also expect Long Shuai to see you